We demand freedom!
We demand freedom! We demand freedom!
The situation of the COVID-19 pandemic in Wuhan...
Eight individuals who spread rumors
were lawfully investigated and punished.
The entrances weren't bound with wire in that residential community.
Some residents are weak in self-defense and self-rescue.
The fire trucks aren't able to enter.
Dignity! Dignity! We demand dignity!
We demand dignity!
We demand the truth.
Stop Zero-COVID policy!
A single spark can start a prairie fire.
So, why do you block the road?
Asshole, Xi Jinping!
CCP step down! CCP step down!
Are we people meant to be oppressed, aren't we?
Have I committed a crime by holding a flower?
Release them! Release them!
Keep walking. I'm telling you to keep walking, do you understand?
We are all family.
Release them then.
We demand human rights!
On Nov. 20, 2022,
the world welcomed the 22nd FIFA World Cup.
While football fans all over the world were focusing on Qatar,
a protest was going on at Foxconn factory in Zhengzhou, China.
Due to discrepancies in the agreed-upon wages,
and the strict pandemic lockdown controls,
The personal freedom and life safety of Foxconn workers
weren't being guaranteed.
Those individuals at the bottom of the society
were compelled to resist the power of capital and government authority.
The police are beating people!
On the other hand,
it's not easy for the majority of ordinary people in China.
Over the past three years,
the government mandatorily implemented the "zero-COVID" policy,
had plunged the entire nation into fear and violence.
You'd better not beat. I've got you on video.
What are you doing with the guns?
Point at your own people?
Chinese citizens here.
Point at civilians?
Whom are you pointing your gun at?
All people will be locked down, not only you in No. 3.
People were confined to their homes,
neighborhoods are sealed off,
with iron gates welded shut,
and they were compelled to purchase overpriced groceries.
And the daily PCR Tests.
If the result was positive,
the whole family, or residents of the entire building
would all be forcibly transferred to isolation cabins.
Go! Go!
Are you against CCP?
The police are beating people!
It even hasn't had the bed set up yet (in the isolation cabin),
so, people can only sleep on the floor.
You'll be penalized.
that will affect three generations of your family.
This will be our last generation. Thank you.
But on Chinese internet,
All you can see is the official sugarcoating of the pandemic control.
The information, including Foxconn protests,
all critiques of government pandemic policies are blocked.
Even if someone manages to post such content online,
it would also be immediately blocked.
the accounts would be banned, leaving blank pages.
The CCP's longstanding information control policy,
had reached its peak during the COVID-19 pandemic.
From picture, texts, to videos,
censorship was around almost every corner.
However, a few transient information about Foxconn in Henan,
had given a lot of people an insight into
what the Chinese people at the bottom were going through.
Ordinary Chinese, through the lens of the World Cup broadcast
also began to question the rationality of the national pandemic policy.
In the stadium of the Qatar World Cup,
there's not a single fan wearing a mask.
No PCR kiosks,
no isolation cabins,
and no white PPE suits.
The sentiment of questioning and resistance spread rapidly.
Messi has had COVID-19, and C. Ronaldo has had COVID-19.
The World Cup now brings together all the richest people in the world,
and they are not afraid of succumbing to COVID-19.
You confine us the lowest and poorest people here.
Now you're telling us it's good for us?
Don't use violence!
The subsequent fire
really ignited the anger in people.
On Nov. 24,
in the city of Urumqi, Xinjiang,
where had been locked down for more than 100 days.
A serious fire occurred in a high-rise building.
The fire's not out yet.
The house next door to it, the house above it,
they're all on fire right now.
The fire spread from the 15th to the 17th floor.
And smoke spread to the 21st floor.
Official reports stated 19 casualties.
It took about 3 hours to put out the fire.
The gate is too small for the fire trucks to get in.
There are already 4 fire trucks here,
but none of them can get in.
The fire is getting bigger now.
The cause of the fire was suspected to be a power strip fire.
But due to the city-wide pandemic control,
the neighborhood and corridors were sealed off.
Did this hinder the entry of fire trucks and evacuation of residents?
This raised intense discussions on the Chinese internet.
Please, 16th floor.
16th floor. We're already short of oxygen.
Our kids are dying, too.
We're too short of oxygen right now.
Everyone, look at this.
This is Unit 3, it's also bound with iron wire.
I opened the door from Unit 4, then I came here.
We escaped to Unit 3 and it has been locked.
We can't get through it.
Take a good look at it.
The unit doors, the fire fighting access, are all bound with iron wire.
It's said that due to the pandemic control, no passing through.
No one opened the door.
Firefighters sprayed water from the entrance of the neighborhood.
Am I not allowed to say anything?
I'm telling the truth, you're fxxking warning. Fxxk you.
Yet, at the official press conference
The spokesperson vehemently denied of any locked or welded doors.
Instead, he attributed the tragedy to
the weak abilities of self-rescue of the residents.
The entrances weren't bound with wire in that residential community.
(The evidence) was a malicious splicing.
In the neighborhood that was on fire, the roads are narrow,
private cars were parked chaotically,
prevented the fire trucks from responding rapidly.
Some residents are weak in self-defense and self-rescue,
unfamiliar with the location of the 2rd safe exit,
which leads to the roof of the building,
failed to fight the fire effectively when it occurred,
and failed to get out in time.
The press conference sparked nationwide anger.
Various unreasonable measures during the pandemic lockdown,
were glaringly highlighted in the tragic Urumqi fire incident.
And when disaster struck,
the government decision-makers
manage to absolve themselves of all the responsibilities,
and leaving the victims to bear all the consequences.
This has provoked anger all over the internet,
as anyone could potentially be
one of the victims burned in the Urumqi fire.
What happened in Urumqi, can also happen in every corner of China.
Behind the internet,
are those ordinary people, who had been under pandemic for so long,
their rights had been continually sacrificed,
they were full of grievances, yet no outlet to express.
Powerlessness, silence, and obedience,
were the microcosm of the darkside of this period.
No filming, no filming.
And the final straw that broke the camel's back,
was the incident that happened on Nov. 25th,
The widespread online video showed,
in Lianxin Community, Reg. 104, Div. 12, Xinjiang Urumqi Corps,
the incidents of assault of residents by staff members.
What do you think you are?
I'm asking, what do you think you are?
Didn't I tell you that at the beginning?
Not mentioned.
You swear when you get up here.
What did I tell you?
The community quickly rallied together
stormed the Public Security Bureau and the CCP Office,
demanding that the assailant be handed over.
Did you assault?
Hand over the assailant!
Lift the lockdown!
They're fighting! They're fighting!
The protest lasted from daytime until late at night,
without receiving any official reply,
and suppressed by the government.
But it rapidly spread from the Lianxin to other parts of Urumqi.
People lifted the blockade in their residential areas on their own.
and marched together towards the city government building.
Lift the lockdown! Lift the lockdown!
The people's police should serve the people,
but you're not serving, you're suppressing.
Whose children are you? And whose father are you?
Don't you have a conscience?
How many people died today?
Do you even have a conscience?
If we'll die, you die with us!
Is Covid a thing?
We demand the complete lifting of the lockdown tomorrow!
Lift the lockdown! Lift the lockdown!
All forcefully expend their last cries.
Unable to quell public discontent,
the CPP government finally chose to give in,
and announced the lifting of the lockdown in Urumqi.
Brave the enemy's gunfire, March on!
Low-risk neighborhoods, will lift the lockdown tomorrow.
You shouldn't enforce the law violently.
As public servants, you have lost even the minimum of professionalism
It's even darker than the people.
Does it count as legitimate gangsters with authority?
The protest lasted from Nov. 25 to 26,
Chinese media made strong efforts to block news related to Urumqi.
Urumqi became a forbidden term on the internet,
Any accounts discussing the Urumqi fires or the Xinjiang lockdown
were banned.
The government had controlled the hottest topics on social media,
arranged with celebrity gossip and World Cup-related news,
in an attempt to divert attention.
But the more the government bans,
the more people utilize their creativity and imagination
All over China's universities and cities,
graffiti, posters, and flyers were popping up,
expressing solidarity with Urumqi.
The protests in Urumqi had broken the silence,
prompting people nationwide to follow suit.
On Nov. 26,
students from the Communication University of Nanjing
held up white papers
to protest against the government's online censorship
to cover up the truth.
Long live the people!
I speak out for those who lost loved ones, families and friends, in the fire,
I also speak out for all those who perished across the country.
Single sparks, began to spread across the land of China.
it finally coalesced into a nationwide mass protest, on Nov. 26.
Lift the lockdown!
Deepest condolences to the compatriots died in the fire in Urumqi, Xinjiang.
However, on Nov. 26, in Shanghai
it seemed to be in a state of calm.
It was Saturday,
with the opportunity of World Cup,
young people, elegantly dressed, lingered between bars,
a scene that starkly contrasted with the protests happening elsewhere.
The experience of the lockdown in Shanghai from March to June in 2022
hasn't been forgotten,
and the entire city was still recovering from the pain and wounds.
It made people in Shanghai more capable of empathizing
with people in other cities under lockdown.
Soon, a few photos broke the tranquility in Shanghai.
Some young people spontaneously gathered
on Urumqi Middle Road in Shanghai,
offered flowers and candles to the victims of the Urumqi fire on Nov. 24,
to mourn those who perished in the fire.
These photos of Urumqi Middle Road
stirred people's memories of the lockdown in Shanghai.
As the photos were quickly circulated on social media in Shanghai,
Close to the start of the World Cup,
many young people spontaneously left the bars
Ordinary people who were watching TV at home, got dressed and went out.
and headed to Urumqi Middle Road.
People were holding this sentiment towards their compatriots,
which was also a silent resistance against injustice.
This may be the only thing we can do for the lives that have perished.
Without prior arrangement or schedule,
the initial group heading to mourn,
gathered in the middle of Urumqi Middle Road and Anfu Road.
The candles on the scene were mostly aromatic candles.
brought hurriedly by people from their homes.
In silence, people remain unspoken,
sorrow subtly revealed in the tranquility.
Candlelight flickers on a winter's night,
illuminating countenances tinged with sorrow.
At midnight on Nov. 27,
the police arrived,
and engaged with those participating in the mourning,
eager to find out who had organized this event,
and who brought people here?
I'd like to ask, who brought this placard?
We brought it all together.
- Who brought it?    - We brought it together.
All of us brought it.
All of us. All of us.
Everyone, don't worry,
we don't mean that who brought this placard here is guilty.
We're just investigating.
Who said it? Who said the spot?
Who said it?
I promise, okay?
What the hell can you promise? Who are you?
Why are you arresting people?
Right here, right here.
Let me talk to him alone, okay?
It's okay. Just trust it.
Speak loudly.
No problem, okey?
Why do you arrest him? No!
Speak loudly.
Answer loudly.
Let's take a brief look at the situation.
If you want to talk alone, can you show me the papers?
I just inquire about the situation.
You and me talk for a few minutes alone, okey?
No problem, no problem.
You speak loudly.
Law enforcement should always be fair and impartial.
Everyone, calm down.
Everyone, calm down, we're here with him.
We're all law-abiding citizens.
We hope you can keep in order here,
all right?
The government doesn't believe that people gathered here voluntarily.
The aggressiveness of the police
had also sparked resentment among the people.
Speak outï¼
I just came over after a drink.
It seemed to be something about the fire.
May I ask if you brought the placard?
I didn't make that.
So why are you here?
Since I saw this, I wanted...
I didn't do anything. I had nothing to do with this.
I'm just trying to figure out the situation,
I'm not saying you did it. I'm just trying to figure out the situation.
I want to know, who's responsible here?
- I want to know, what's going on here today?    - I don't know.
I'm just asking, don't be nervous.
I'm just asking, okey?
So, are you done?
I have no bad intentions.
No bad intentions.
Who knows? Who organized this event?
We organized it together, voluntarily, do you understand?
Who organized it? Speak up! All speak up!
I did. I did. I did.
Due to insufficient police presence,
to prevent more people from participating in the rally,
Police began to cordon off the Changle and Anfu roads,
while blocking the entry of crowds,
they also surrounded the protestors on Urumqi Middle Road.
The arbitrary road closure fueled resentment among those passing by,
Those who wanted to go home, had to take the long way around.
People had disputes with the police.
Let me through.
Why can't you go over there?
Please cooperate with us.
Why should I cooperate with you?
Why do you want me to cooperate? Let me pass!
I'm going this way. My home is that way.
It's this way. Why can't I pass?
If your home is this way, please make your own detour,
and if it's inconvenient for you...
You tell me which way to go. You show me the way.
You show me the way, where I should go.
If you don't want to take a detour, you can wait here.
I don't want to wait. I want to go this way now.
You tell me why I can't go this way.
You didn't have any reason. You just told me no.
Thank you for your cooperation. Please cooperate.
I want to cooperate, but you have to give me a convincing reason.
Why should I cooperate with you?
Ma'am, thank you for your cooperation, and again...
But you have to tell me exactly why it's closed.
Why can't I pass?
for what reason?
You tell me why.
This stretch of road is unsafe.
I don't need you to keep me safe. I don't need it.
Step back, please.
I don't feel like you are keeping me safe.
I want the freedom to pass this way, okay?
Why do you close the road?
I live here, and I want to go home.
You block the road, and ask me to walk around.
I'm exhausted to walk anymore.
The disputes at the Changle Road and Urumqi Road intersection
attracted many onlookers.
A pregnant woman, after arguing with the police for going home,
was reluctantly allowed to pass.
Can't we even mourn our deceased compatriots?
We can mourn here, too. Are you gonna form the cordon behind us?
Why don't you just form cordons all around the Bund?
Around the whole city of Shanghai?
Now pretending to be deaf.
You police are taking us taxpayers' money, and blocking our way here?
Do you even have a reason to block the road?
What official document allows you to block the road?
What's the exact rule?
Is the road closed for the Shanghai Marathon or something?
Make up a reason now.
Ask your own heart!
Are you the people's police,
or are you just appointed police?
Who appointed you?
Good point!
What are you afraid of?
Speak out, what are you afraid of?
A girl from Xinjiang expressed that,
she wanted to send a bouquet of flowers to the victims,
was ridiculed by the police
The attitude of the police sparked the outrage of people.
Why is it your call?
Don't be ridiculous.
What do you mean, don't be ridiculous?
Is this a joke?
Your family is dead.
Your compatriots are dead.
In waves of questioning,
the conflict between the police and the masses escalated.
You're a human being, aren't you?
and eventually, people broke through the blockade on Changle Road,
made a forcible entry.
But no one felt the joy of victory
Everyone knew that they had only won
the freedom that originally belonged to them.
Do you have the right to close the road?
We just want to mourn for our compatriots.
What's wrong with that?
We're all at the bottom.
Can we think about each other for a bit, and stop hurting each other?
A participant attempted to ease tensions,
by expressing the wish to hug a police officer,
but was ignored and refused.
Can I shake your hand?
You can. I've already shaken it.
Can't I even shake your hands?
Can I have a hug?
We're human beings in the first place.
We are a family. Hugs. Why can't we hug?
Can I give you a hug?
The other participants hugged him,
in contrast to the indifference of law enforcement.
Thank you.
Can we have a hug?
Can I shake your hand?
Thank you!
Why aren't they afraid of me?
Why didn't they turn me down?
Because he is afraid of taking responsibility.
Oh, God. Who is responsible?
Who gave you that responsibility?
Can I have a hug?
I'd like to ask for a hug.
The people's police should embrace the people
Shall we hug?
Thank you!
Thank you. Thank you.
Can I shed tears?
Are people not allowed to shed tears?
Thank you.
Human, human.
Being a human first.
Isn't it tears that separate people from each other?
Are you able to shed tears?
Do you know how ridiculous you are?
People are ends, not means.
How much does this job pay?
Can't you just raise the muzzle an inch?
We shouldn't be in opposition.
We are the people, and you are the people's police.
Do you serve the people?
Have you ever considered that the next oppressed could be you?
People first, life first
How would you think if your family died in the Urumqi fire?
If we're locked down one day, and we've no supplies,
and are we supposed to starve to death?
Have you been through the two-month lockdown in Shanghai?
They were not quarantined.
They've never been deprived of their freedom,
they are here to suppress the people.
Can we shed tears?
We're going to shed tears.
We'll shed all the tears we want. It's none of your business.
More and more people entered Urumqi Middle Road.
Those who arrived at the center of the gathering fell silent.
They looked at the candles and flowers in front of them.
And in the cold wind, someone was sobbing.
People began raising white papers,
blank papers, silently protesting
the injustices and grievances suffered over the past 3 years.
On the other side of the blockade on Anfu Road,
conflict also broke out between people and the police.
Serve the People!
I'd like to ask a question.
Speak with authority, huh!
You said don't give me that. What's that? What?
Don't be a Changgui.
The tough police officers ordered the crowd to obey,
which had made people more united instead.
What do you think we're doing?
Absence of legal prohibition means freedom.
Be a human.
When the police questioned
whether there were people from Xinjiang present,
the response from the crowd was,
"We are all from Xinjiang."
Anyone from Xinjiang?
We're all from Xinjiang.
NO to PCR tests, YES to freedom!
More and more people held up white papers,
shouting out: NO to PCR tests, YES to freedom!
venting about what used to be blocked daily on the internet.
making their position clear to the police, who symbolized centralized power.
Eventually, the police gave in to the unity of the people.
Everybody's happy and cheering: There's no cordons anymore.
There's no cordons anymore.
At this moment, the number of participants had reached its peak.
Cheers! Cheers! Cheers!
Thank you.
Can we take off our masks?
Some people took off the masks, breathing the free air briefly.
NO to masks, YES to freedom!
Some silently held up white sheets of paper,
which spoke louder than words.
The police hadn't been idle either.
After a group of people entered Urumqi Middle Road,
they re-formed the cordon soon.
A foreigner was refused to enter by the police.
In response to their "loyalty",
he threw a few coins at them as a sarcastic "reward".
I didn't go out.
Don't step on the line, okay? I'm asking you to step aside now, okay?
Don't start a conflict, okay?
Don't start a conflict.
The formalistic behaviors of the police only fuel people's anger.
Each time when the cordon was raised,
individuals would confront the police, arguing for their rights.
What if someone is tripped over, by this line?
A pregnant woman kept questioning why there was the cordon.
What if a pregnant woman steps on and falls?
You can't just close the road arbitrarily.
Police had been dodging questions from people.
We demand a reason to close the road. Is that so hard?
Let's just say we can stand here, can't we?
Police don't break the law.
You have to guard the law, don't break it.
First of all, there are too many people here.
If a stampede occurs, it's not responsible for your safety.
Are you afraid of a fire?
Are you afraid of a fire? I'm familiar with that.
Stay strong, Xinjiang!
Stay strong, Shanghai!
Your presence here will only make more and more people here.
When you're gone, everyone's gone.
Without this cordon, nothing will happen.
But without this cordon...
This cordon has put you and us on opposite sides.
We shouldn't be on opposite sides.
What makes Shanghai Shanghai, is without this cordon.
That's why Shanghai is Shanghai.
The truth is, if you're gone, we're gone.
But maybe your leader said that
you can't dismiss until everyone's gone, right?
Who doesn't have a few stupid leaders?
Good point.
And the leader's leader.
Did you get your bonus for next month?
There will be a bonus at the end of the year.
We all know that your mission today is stupid.
- We know it's not easy for you.    - We know, yeah.
Be careful.
Don't play with your body safety, okay?
You guys shouldn't put such dangerous things here,
then you don't have to think about my safety.
Stay strong, Xinjiang!
We're all human.
That's right.
We're all Chinese. We're all Chinese.
We're the same. We all live here.
We love others, and we love you.
If you remove the cordon and drive the car away, people will disperse.
Bye, bye.
In the seesaw battle,
the police had been wearing down the energy of the people on-site,
meanwhile, called for more police reinforcements.
Some plainclothes police officers hidden in the crowd,
pretend to be pedestrians,
and took photos of the protesters without masks.
Why is the cordon formed again over there?
Why is it pulled up again? It doesn't work.
On both sides of Changle Road and Anfu Road,
crowds and police continued to dispute and fight.
When the beating of your heart, Echoes the beating of the drums.
There is a life about to start, When tomorrow comes.
Everyone sang loudly,
to relieve their stress,
and to push back against the police.
Millions of hearts together, Brave the enemies' gunfire! March on!
More police officers arrived one after another.
The police were getting stronger and tougher.
They formed tightly-packed human walls,
starting to encircle and contract towards the Urumqi Middle Road.
And many mourners came and went.
Some had fought it, some were just passing through.
As one diminishes, another grows.
The confrontation between those who remained and the police,
became more intense and dangerous.
At the intersection of Anfu Road and Urumqi Middle Road,
flowers and candles were placed, too.
It's the front line of the confrontation with the police.
They bravely cried out:
"We demand dignity!"
At this very moment, someone shouted out the most forbidden slogan,
which opened the curtain on the protest for the night.
Asshole, Xi Jinping!
Abolish the PCR tests!
From tomorrow on, no more PCR tests!
Take off the masks, no more PCR tests!
At 2:00 AM on Nov. 27,
the remaining people gathered at the Anfu intersection.
Facing the human wall of the police,
people were holding up white papers and venting their anger.
NO to PCR tests! NO to PCR tests!
NO to PCR tests, YES to freedom!
Give me liberty, or give me death!
Take off the masks.
Abolish the PCR tests!
Compensate for my three years.
To the anti-epidemic policies over the past 3 years,
people expressed their dissent.
It had been so much for so long.
Lift the lockdown!
Abolish the Health Code!
I'm very healthy, I don't need the Health Code.
Yes to rainbow Code!
Cheers!
Awesome!
Fxxk you, the Travel Code!
Fxxk your uncle!
People used curse words to express their anger.
The blocked and censored voices of the Internet were totally unleashed.
Are they serving the people?
No!
Assholes! Assholes! Assholes!
Amidst a chorus of curses,
people let go of their emotional burdens,
the protest slogans become diverse and lively.
A single spark can start a prairie fire.
We demand art, not censorship!
Nothing is unnecessary.
No Model Operas!
Freedom of Movie!
No wolf warriors! No censorship!
Return Liu Xiaobo to us!
Don't aid the tyrant.
Return our human rights!
Return our arts! Return our human rights!
Return my youth!
Emancipate the mind, and seek truth from facts.
Each slogan echoed
the profound impact of the CCP's authoritarian politics
on the ordinary people of China.
This might be the first time in their lives for many Chinese people
to express their political opinions and demands in public.
Open the country's gates!
Apologize, for those who couldn't make it to today
We demand apologies!
No daily reports.
No to Xuexi Qiangguo App!
There is nothing wrong with young people enjoying their holidays.
A debt of blood must be paid in blood!
Publicize the death toll,
do not conceal it, and do not deceive the people.
Freedom of speech!
Freedom of the press!
We are human beings, not cows and sheep!
We are human beings!
We are human beings, we have our dignity.
We demand dignity!
The spirit of the May 4th Movement! The spirit of the June 4th Movement!
Rehabilitate the participants of June 4th!
Apologize to Mr. Hu Yaobang!
How to address the current issues in China?
Whom to hold accountable?
Everyone knows it deep down in their hearts.
Chinese nation is now facing its greatest danger.
Who restricted our freedom?
Xi Jinping!
Remove the dictator and national traitor Xi Jinping!
Years of grievances,
suffering of unreasonableness, unlawfulness, and injustice,
were being vented out at this moment.
We don't want Xi Jinping!
Awesome! Awesome!
We demand freedom!
Maybe this gathering at this night
was destined to be stigmatized and erased from Chinese Internet,
leaving only a void.
However, it is precisely this situation that
strengthens the determination of the participants.
The atmosphere also reached a climax
We demand freedom! We demand freedom!
We don't want the CCP!
Hey, you can't say this.
We can.
Possibly due to prolonged political suppression,
people remained cautious when it comes to free expression.
Referendum!
There are nationwide PCR tests, there can be a referendum.
Down with Xitler!
No dictatorship but reform!
No dictatorship but democracy!
Xi Jinping, step down!
Abolish the re-election! Xi Jinping, step down!
Step down! Step down!
Amidst anger, people also felt confused briefly,
After the catharsis, how to effectively resist authoritarianism,
advocate for demands,
and protect their rights?
Many deficiencies were revealed.
But we cannot criticize such a spontaneously formed gathering.
In the past of China,
even among friends,
politics had been a taboo topic to talk about.
But here, every stranger could have faith in each other,
and fight against this numb and apathetic political environment together.
This was enough.
CCP step down!
No cultural revolution but reform!
Don't be a slave, be a citizen!
Lift the lockdown in Xinjiang!
Lift the lockdown across whole China!
All power in the PRC belongs to the people.
Who lies to Chinese people, is asshole.
Good point.
Shame on the dictator!
We demand to be citizens!
We demand to be in charge!
We demand votes.
We demand votes!
The cultivation of people's rights awareness requires soil.
On the blank papers raised this night,
nothing was written,
but everyone understood,
it carried the hope for the future of China.
I want to be a citizen!
However, before the real dawn of hope arrives,
we still need to go through countless dark nights.
At 3:20 AM,
The police detention vehicles were in position,
the police began pressuring and dispersing the demonstrators.
The police bus has arrived.
To ensure their own safety, many people chose to leave.
Serve the People now!
Don't beat people! Don't use violence!
Don't beat people!
Don't use violence!
Don't hit us, we're leaving.
Don't hit people! Don't use violence!
No touch! No touch!
The rest of people found themselves encircled by the police,
as plainclothes police officers within the crowd initiated chaos.
Who are these two?
I don't know.
Plainclothes police?
They should be plainclothes police.
Plainclothes, fxxk.
Was that one of yours?
Back up.
Were the guys pulled people one of yours?
Were they one of yours?
Are they legal?
That's it? I'd like to ask you.
Step back.
Is there any vehicle we can take here, may I ask?
The guy who pulled people away, are they legal?
There're plainclothes, right?
It must be plainclothes.
They were pulling people like this.
What the fxxk?
I thought they were stopping people from fighting.
They were plainclothes, right?
Pulling like that, definitely not...
A memorial for their deceased compatriots
was met with harsh government crackdown.
People felt both disappointed and angry.
At 4:00 AM,
the crowd finally faced violent eviction by the police.
Several protesters were arrested on the spot,
and the flowers and candles were forcibly cleared away.
Serve the People!
Don't fight.
The police are beating people!
Don't use violence!
Stop filming! Stop filming!
Step back!
Thank you for your cooperation.
What did he do wrong? Why arrest me?
The people's police take our (tax-paid) salaries,
and arrest our own people?
No one is behaving aggressively.
He didn't do anything wrong.
Why are you arresting him?
Why are all of you standing against the people?
Are we people meant to be oppressed, aren't we?
People's police should serve the people,
contribute to the nation,
not stand here, and block our own people here.
Serve the People!
Why stand on the opposite side of the people?
Fxxkin' cops.
Why did you take this job?
Release them!
Step back!
Step back! Step back!
Release them!
Whom are you arresting? Is that even legal?
Don't touch.
It's unnecessary.
Release them!
Can I ask what law was broken?
Isn't it a crime to lock people in their houses?
Isn't it a crime to keep people from going to the hospital?
Being indifferent to lives, pointing guns at the people, isn't that a crime?
Why can't we film?
Don't beat.
Don't use force! Don't pull!
Don't run away.
Keep walking. Keep walking.
Are you gonna walk or not?
Which law says we're obstructing public duties?
I don't wanna bother you, you do not bother me.
Someone's been taken.
Walk up.
Who gave them the right to take people away?
Move forward. All of you.
Melt away, all keep walking.
Move forward. Move forward. Don't stand there.
Melt away, keep walking.
Then why are you arresting people?
According to those arrested,
due to the large number of people detained,
one police station couldn't accommodate them all,
so, some were being transported in batches to two other police stations.
And they were also subjected to police violence on the bus.
The long and arduous night in Shanghai had come to an end,
but new resistances were still ongoing.
On Nov. 27, 2022, during the day,
people flocked to protest on Urumqi Middle Road.
Release the arrested!
They protested at the police station and Urumqi Middle Road,
demanding the release of those arrested by the police.
We need to be brave.
Have I committed a crime by holding a flower?
Have I broken the law?
No!
They dare not arrest us!
Don't use force!
Release him.
It's going too far.
A group of plainclothes police ruthlessly used violence against people,
trampling on the law under the weight of their power.
Release him.
Why arrest people?
What's going on here?
That looks horrible.
Chinese government has mobilized a large number of police forces
from Shanghai and nearby provinces,
attempting to quell the situation through high-pressure measures.
Warning from police:
The current gathering has already affected public transportation order.
Please leave in an orderly manner.
For those who continue to stay,
necessary measures will be taken by the police.
Warning from police...
But the people of Shanghai did not yield,
they confronted the authoritarian government head-on.
against the violence of the government.
Chants echoed continuously,
persisting until midnight.
Step away!
Go, go, go.
Don't push me, I'll leave.
Then you leave, leave away, leave away.
Leave or not?
Hurry up and leave. You understand?
- Don't push me.    - I push you, so what?    - Why do you push people?
I told her to leave. What's wrong?
Why do you push people?
What do you wanna do?
Calm down, calm down.
Release them. Release them.
Don't beat.
Don't film, don't film. Put it away.
Fxxk you!
Chinese people do not beat Chinese people.
Release them. Release them.
What did I do wrong? Can someone tell me?
Why? Why?
The arrested filled the police detention bus,
but as the bus passed through the crowd,
applause and cheers erupted.
Stay strong!
Stay strong! Stay strong!
How could you beat people?
However, the situation was perilous for news reporters.
BBC journalist Ed Lawrence was beaten and arrested by the police.
Why are you arresting people?
Is he Chinese? Is he Chinese? Is he Chinese?
One man trying to pull away the police
was also arrested.
Release them! Release them!
Ed Lawrence was detained by the police for several hours
before being released.
At the subsequent Chinese foreign ministry press conference,
facing the inquiries from the British Embassy and BBC,
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Zhao Lijian
denied the violent actions by the Chinese police.
The gathering included a BBC correspondent in Shanghai.
This BBC correspondent
refused to cooperate during law enforcement by the police,
yet pretended to be a victim.
However, BBC immediately distorted the facts,
extensively hyping up:
BBC journalist was arrested and beaten by Chinese police,
aiming to smear China.
The CCP government once again blamed it on foreign forces.
(He) should not engage in
activities inconsistent with his profession as a journalist.
This applies to any media outlet,
and has nothing to do with the so-called freedom of the press.
In China, there are many foreign media outlets;
why is it always BBC that getting involved in issues?
This is the question that should be seriously pondered.
But even without the BBC coverage,
the vulnerabilities of this authoritarian government were exposed.
Amidst a lockdown in Beijing,
residents spontaneously gathered at Liangma Bridge,
raising blank papers in solidarity with Shanghai.
Passing cars honked in support of them,
and the blank papers became an unspoken sign among the people.
Is there anything written on our blank papers?
No.
All the accusations are in our hearts.
All the mourning is in our hearts.
Stay strong, Shanghai!
Release the arrested, Shanghai!
NO to PCR tests, YES to freedom!
We demand freedom!
Officials were urgently present to coordinate
and all they got was a chorus of boos from the crowd.
First, this could easily cause the spread of the epidemic
Second, the crowd would cause a stampede, right?
But what about the PCR test crowd, they are bigger than this?
That issue. That's a different issue.
Now we're talking about this issue today.
Everyone, don't be misled by someone.
We're not. It's spontaneous.
The CCP again used its well-known tactic
to instigate internal conflicts among the masses,
but this time no one fell for it.
Now there are foreign forces stirring up trouble among our people.
There're fxxking none.
We're all Chinese.
Are the foreign forces you're talking about Marx and Engels?
Do you mean Marx and Engels?
Do you mean Stalin? Do you mean Lenin?
I've always loved our country.
I also think there's something wrong with the current policy.
Don't dance around the topic.
Was the fire in Xinjiang set by foreign forces?
No.
Was the bus accident in Guizhou caused by foreign forces?
Everybody, tell me, did foreign forces call us here?
No!
We can't even access foreign websites.
Where would these foreign forces come from?
How could they contact us?
It's only the internal forces that won't let us gather.
Currently, can we go abroad, or can we access the foreign Internet?
Neither!
How could they contact us? Where were the foreign forces coming from?
From the moon?
But we demand democracy, we demand freedom.
Long live the democratic CCP!
Is there a contradiction between democracy, freedom, and the CCP?
No!
Is there a contradiction?
We need to know,
Under the KMT,
The CCP was the vanguard of democracy, and the vanguard of freedom.
We only demand
the CCP that once embraced democracy, freedom, and openness to return.
Just this.
Support for the protests in Shanghai and China grew worldwide.
Xi Jinping, step down! CCP step down!
Without the CCP, there would be a new China.
Remove the national traitor Xi Jinping!
Stay strong, Chinese!
Xi Jinping, step down!
CCP step down!
Down with Xi Jinping!
Communism, step down!
We stand with Uyghurs,
we stand with Tibetans,
we stand with Hongkongers,
we stand with Taiwanese.
Stand with Chinese compatriots.
People across various colleges and cities in China
also raised blank papers,
bravely confronting authoritarianism.
From now on, no more blowjobs for the public authority.
Now, Longquan District is still locked down,
Qingbaijiang District is still locked down,
You don't care.
Because you've been all paid, from the people's money.
The people's money, their savings, have been feeding you.
Do you know that? what you are?
You're parasites.
And you're gonna bite us, you're gonna eat us, you're gonna skin us.
drink our blood and eat our flesh, aren't you?
Why did you kick out our flowers?
Why?
Are those flowers guilty? Is it guilty to mourn our own people?
Give me liberty, or give me death!
Freedom of speech! Freedom of the press!
The wave of justice prevails over evil,
reminding people that authority is not invincible,
and true freedom is only achieved through the people's struggle.
Facing the protests from the Chinese people
against the "zero-COVID" policy,
Zhao Lijian, the loyal spokesperson of the CCP,
for the first time, remained silent for over a minute on the stage.
And until the very end,
they hadn't provided any direct response to the people.
Some asked, what's the point of taking to the streets to protest?
In the end, it'd still lead to repression, censorship, and misrepresentation.
However, as Churchill said,
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities,
because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
We lacked experience, and were once wavering in cowardice,
but today we have the courage to stand up and speak out.
What we lacked this time, we will do better next time,
If given another chance,
I would still choose to be on the scene.
Because a government that fears even blank papers,
cannot crush the justice in the hearts of the people.
Involving security and school epidemic prevention and control work,
further optimization requirements have been proposed.
These 10 measures,
are aimed at continuously improving
the scientific accuracy of prevention and control.
In implementation, we must resolutely correct
oversimplification and one-size-fits-all approaches,
avoiding incremental intensification.